PSMDB-1058 Release notes 4.4.14-14 (#552)
percona/psmdb-docs: source/release_notes/4.4.14-14.rst

.. _PSMDB-4.4.14-14:

================================================================================
*Percona Server for MongoDB* 4.4.14-14 (2022-05-26)
================================================================================

:Date: May 26, 2022
:Installation: `Installing Percona Server for MongoDB <https://www.percona.com/doc/percona-server-for-mongodb/4.4/install/index.html>`_

Percona Server for MongoDB 4.4.14-14 is an enhanced, source-available, and highly-scalable database that is a
fully-compatible, drop-in replacement for MongoDB 4.4.14 Community Edition.
It supports MongoDB 4.4.14 protocols and drivers.

Release Highlights
==================

> |PSMDB| now supports the master key rotation for data encrypted using the  :ref:`Keys Management Interoperability Protocol (KMIP) <kmip>` protocol (tech preview feature). This improvement allows users to comply with regulatory standards for data security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|PSMDB| now supports the master key rotation for data-at-rest encryption using the  :ref:`Keys Management Interoperability Protocol (KMIP) <kmip>` protocol (tech preview feature). This improvement allows users to comply with regulatory standards for data security.
```

Reviewer: ok to cancel this suggestion after our discussion.
